README.md, before:

# CLI Wrapper Utilities

This repository contains helper utilities for the CLI Wrapper project.

## `phasefirst` Command

The `phasefirst` command extracts the first bullet from the **Detailed Steps**
section of each phase document under `docs/phases`. It outputs the result as
formatted JSON.

### Building

```
go build ./cmd/phasefirst
```

### Running

```
./phasefirst
```

The command writes operational logs to `sentinel.log` in `/var/log` on Unix or
`C:\Temp` on Windows. Logs are stored in JSON with automatic rotation.

### Testing

Run unit tests with:

```
go vet ./...
go test -race ./...
npm test --prefix frontend
```

## Wails Application

The repository also contains a minimal Wails v2 application located in the
`frontend` directory with a Go backend. Building requires Node.js 18 and the
Wails CLI:

```
wails build -platform windows/amd64
wails build -platform darwin/universal
wails build -platform linux/amd64
```

## Session Manager

The `internal/app` package now provides a `SessionManager` which limits concurrent
CLI sessions. The limit is stored in `config.json` under the application's config
directory. A default limit of one is used if no configuration exists. Sessions
receive unique UUIDs and can be terminated programmatically.

Resource throttling parameters are also configurable via `config.json`:

```
{
  "cpuThreshold": 35,
  "memoryThreshold": 35,
  "pollInterval": 2
}
```
If a running session exceeds these CPU or memory limits it is first throttled by
reducing process priority. Persistent overages cause the session to be
terminated. All alerts are recorded in `logs.txt`.

## Model Switch Alerts

The Wails backend tracks the last-used model. When a new prompt specifies a different
model, the backend emits a `model:switched` event via the Wails event bus and logs the
change in JSON Lines format. Log files automatically rotate after reaching 20 MB.

Commit message:

docs: add progress status and sprint dashboard

README.md, after:

# CLI Wrapper Utilities

This repository contains helper utilities for the CLI Wrapper project.

See [docs/ROADMAP.md](docs/ROADMAP.md) for the full project plan and
[docs/DASHBOARD.md](docs/DASHBOARD.md) for current sprint status.

## `phasefirst` Command

The `phasefirst` command extracts the first bullet from the **Detailed Steps**
section of each phase document under `docs/phases`. It outputs the result as
formatted JSON.

### Building

```
go build ./cmd/phasefirst
```

### Running

```
./phasefirst
```

The command writes operational logs to `sentinel.log` in `/var/log` on Unix or
`C:\Temp` on Windows. Logs are stored in JSON with automatic rotation.

### Testing

Run unit tests with:

```
go vet ./...
go test -race ./...
npm test --prefix frontend
```

## Wails Application

The repository also contains a minimal Wails v2 application located in the
`frontend` directory with a Go backend. Building requires Node.js 18 and the
Wails CLI:

```
wails build -platform windows/amd64
wails build -platform darwin/universal
wails build -platform linux/amd64
```

## Session Manager

The `internal/app` package now provides a `SessionManager` which limits concurrent
CLI sessions. The limit is stored in `config.json` under the application's config
directory. A default limit of one is used if no configuration exists. Sessions
receive unique UUIDs and can be terminated programmatically.

Resource throttling parameters are also configurable via `config.json`:

```
{
  "cpuThreshold": 35,
  "memoryThreshold": 35,
  "pollInterval": 2
}
```
If a running session exceeds these CPU or memory limits it is first throttled by
reducing process priority. Persistent overages cause the session to be
terminated. All alerts are recorded in `logs.txt`.

## Model Switch Alerts

The Wails backend tracks the last-used model. When a new prompt specifies a different
model, the backend emits a `model:switched` event via the Wails event bus and logs the
change in JSON Lines format. Log files automatically rotate after reaching 20 MB.
